docs: clarify HttpClient default provider (#69627)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/http/http-resource.md

## `Using httpResource`

> TIP: `httpResource` uses the root-provided `HttpClient`. Use `provideHttpClient(...)` only when you need to configure HTTP features, such as interceptors or XSRF options. See [Setting up HttpClient](/guide/http/setup) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: `httpResource` uses the globally available `HttpClient`. Use `provideHttpClient(...)` only when you need to configure HTTP features, such as interceptors or XSRF options. See [Setting up HttpClient](/guide/http/setup) for details.
```

Author: Done
